[Documentation] Fix 'App Bridge' link. (#30)
Shopify/shopify-app-template-ruby: README.md

These third party tools are complemented by Shopify specific tools to ease app development:

- [Shopify API library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-ruby) adds OAuth to the Rails backend. This lets users install the app and grant scope permissions.

> - App Bridge ([Vanilla](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started/app-setup) / [React](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started/using-react)) adds authentication to API requests in the frontend and renders components outside of the App’s iFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [App Bridge](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge) and [App Bridge React](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started/using-react) add authentication to API requests in the frontend and renders components outside of the App’s iFrame.
```
